Yeah, so the title's actually kind of a pun or
something.
So, yeah, so hi, I'm Paul Syvers
on from the Naval Research Lab.
If you don't know me, the thing I'm probably
most known for is I invented onion routing with a couple of
my NRL colleagues forever ago, back in the 90s
, and then a few years later with a couple of non
-NRL colleagues created a version of that we called Tor
.
And this is the main thing I've been working on pretty
much ever since.
What I've been working on mostly for the last several
years is the question of there's a lot of domain names
that have associated onion addresses.
If you don't know what an onion address is, I
don't have enough time to explain it.
So, for our purposes, you can just think of it
as pretty much like a PLC did because it's a
cryptographically self-certifying address.
And domain names are generally human meaningful, and onion addresses are
these cryptographically things that are not, and turns out
how to discover when things are associated and how to be sure
they're bound together has all kinds of problems that, has
all kinds of problems, and which I have spelled out in
all of these papers that I'm not going to actually talk
about, but that's there if you want to go look
for them, and then also, fortunately, solutions to these
.
What are the goals of the work here is to sort of
synthesize those things with, at proto-identities,
so handles and dids, with a couple of goals.
One is to improve and generalize blue sky verified accounts,
to be more than they are now, explicit about who the
verifier is, and also to provide some context, to
be decentralized, so it's not limited just to the blue
sky trusted verifiers, and also open, so that anybody
can have a verified identity, and in addition, we want
to synthesize these together in a way that allows us to
have self-certifying meaningful identities that are consistently transparent,
that are blocking resistant, this is one of the things onion
services provide in a way I won't explain, and robust
to TLS certificate hijack, and also, everything we
've done is sort of fully backwards compatible, so that if
you are running something that doesn't know anything about our stuff
, as long as it uses the standard protocols, nothing's
going to break.
You won't get the advantages, but nothing's going to
break.
So this is joint work with the force of nature, who
is Nick Jarakinas, who's right there.
And yes.
So suppose, as an example, I didn't know about
smoke signal, and Nick says, oh, here's this
cool thing, smoke signal, you should check it out.
And let's assume that he and I have a trusted channel
over signal, and we've validated that, that I trust
Nick about identifiers for domains, or maybe just for particular
domains, we can come back to that.
But what if smoke signal.
events has a TLS hijack?
So just what I mean by that, well, if you
go to smoke signal.
events, you get the little, the usual lock icon
.
And if you click on that, you can see a certificate
that says that an authority, in this case, let's
encrypt, says, oh, the key that's authentic
ating this connection is, in fact, associated with the name
smoke signal.
So that's great.
Only problem is, it's way too easy to obtain bog
us TLS certificates.
It's not completely trivial, and a lot of people have
done a lot of work to make it harder, but I
don't think there's a problem that's going away anytime
soon.
It's just a big, bad problem.
So the answer, what if it gets hijacked, is
somebody can basically set up their own version of smoke signal,
and get me to think whatever about upcoming events, or maybe
reveal some kind of sensitive information in the course of RSV
Ping, so in general, bad situation.
But what if instead of giving me just the link to smoke
signal.
events, the URL includes the PLC did for smoke
events.
And again, we have the trusted channel that I'm getting
things from, Nick from.
Now if I go and follow that URL, we have a
Firefox extension that Nick created, that ultimately I would like this
to just be built into Firefox, but you need to crawl
before you walk.
So this extension checks that there's a header that
gets sent.
And it makes sure that the key that's on the header
is in fact associated with this did, and further that the
did that's in the did document matches the did that was
in the URL.
As opposed to if, for example, the did was not
a good did, then you would fail the checks.
So great.
So this provides what I like to call dirt simple trust.
The idea is I need, all I need is the address
and I'm kind of done.
That's enough.
I can't, I can't be hijacked or anything
as long as we have this I discovered it in this way
.
Relatedly, it also offers what I would call authority
independence.
So the idea is no authority, no CA can say,
oh, no, here's the new key for, for
smoke signal, because they don't control the key that is
associated with the did, I can't be tricked about that
.
So because I learned of this URL from Nick, and because
it passed the checks when I tried to connect to it,
I can trust that Nick told me that the handle and did
are in fact bound together, and further that, because I
trust Nick, I can trust that they are bound together.
But we're not quite done, because in order to do
this, we had to have this, you know, signal
exchange.
And Nick has been very tolerant of me, but I think
if every time I wanted to have a secure connection with anything
, I had to have a signal communication with him, maybe
that would try even Nick's patients.
So we, therefore, have it automated so that we have
a record that you get a signed header that's signed by
, say, njrakinis.
me, as well as by smoke signal, that says that
these are bound together.
And further, and this is where I'm introducing contextual labels
, it could have a label like, for example, this
is a Nick project, this is a project that Nick did
.
So let's contrast this with the way Blue Sky currently handles
verified accounts.
So you can, Blue Sky will directly verify somebody's account
as belonging to someone, but they also have a handful of
trusted verifiers.
And that's fine, but it has some limitations.
For one thing, you have to be important in order to
get a verified account.
Or you have to be affiliated with one of these, there
's about 20 currently trusted verifiers.
Most of them are journalism organizations, and I mean, I
think that's great, but the rest of us are just
SOL if we don't have, you know, one of
these affiliations.
So what we have is it supports that kind of functionality,
and I think should replace it.
So you can just do the same thing, that's what
I've got here on the left, your left, whatever
.
But it doesn't have to be centralized like that.
You could also have, say, like the town of Spring
field is going to tell you what the local cities are in
Springfield.
So you might have a local news source in Springfield,
and this is a good way you can resist pink slime journalism
because you won't have some, you know, somebody from
far away masquerading as being from Springfield.
Or it can also be even at the individual level.
So this scales both up and down.
So like if you're somebody, I just made this entity
up, as far as I know, but you know,
you have somebody named Vegan Piper, maybe you trust them
about where there are vegan restaurants around.
But maybe you don't trust them about that.
But you do trust them about, you know, bagpipe
supplies.
So you can choose which you want to trust them on.
So I don't have a lot of time here.
So that's it.
And I'll be happy to take any questions.
Do we have any questions for
Paul?
We've got a couple of minutes.
Hooray.
Yes.
All right.
For the record, those of us at Blue Sky also think
that they should replace the verification system.
Yeah.
You know, you have to crawl before you go, Dave
, you know, a real problem that was being solved in
real time right away and clearly the right thing to do.
But I think this is a good migration.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Fantastic.
There was a question over here.
Oh.
Or did you change your mind?
Yeah.
Hi.
I was just wondering if you've investigated in your work putting
the signature information or any kind of that relational information on the
atmosphere itself.
I get why it has to be in the HTTP signatures,
but if there's any connection to like some sort of record
that this person trusts this org or something like that.
Well, it's, I mean, it, I mean
, yeah, it is, it's in there.
I mean.
So there's, there's, you know, like you
talked, so a lot of content made it onto the floor
, unfortunately.
Yes.
So a HTTP signature could reference, for example, a,
uh, have, could include an ATURI that is
in the, in the repository that has more involved contextual trust
information.
And the DIT documents themselves represent a whole lot of information
.
You can have key controllers, identity controllers, also known as
relationships, and the bi-directional relationship representing conceptual,
or consensual, uh, uh, referencing for D
ITs, uh, keys, verification methods, et cetera
.
And even shared keys across them can show that, Hey,
this identity, uh, you know, is affiliated with John
Hopkins, for example, which is affiliated with, you know
, a parent entity and so forth.
And the, the trust can be, uh, traversed
, um, using those.
That's the idea.
Yeah.
In, in my role as MC, I'm going to
move us along, but do please, uh, talk to
Paul and Nick.
As you say, for the benefits of people online, what
was asked was, well, is this directly built into AT
?
And, uh, uh, the short version is Nick said
yes.
Excellent.
Fantastic.